---

title: Welcome
date: 2017-12-16 06:50 UTC
tags: 

---

* About me
* About this site
   * How this site works
   * Why it exists


Hi I'm Stefan and I really want to work as a professional software developer. I built this site (read more about the technical side of this site **here**) to function as my main tool and record of my journey towards this goal.

The *blog* section of this site contains more general writing and thoughts on projects and exercises that I'm working on. *Notes* contains more technical explanations and defenitions as well as blocks of code that I think are relevant. *Projects* contains (mostly, I hope) finnished projects.

Although everything on this site is public facing, it's also a place for me to walk myself through problems and sort of converse with myself as I strive towards something like an intuitive understanding of the programming challenges I'm grappling with.

More about myself and I **here**. Here's me on github and linkedin. 


use a curriculum and build the successive projects and post them in the projects section of this site. When I come across the 

This is site is a tool for me document this path

I've had some set backs. But this is something I want and I'm going to work hard for it. This is a place for notes, thoughts, books, and photos. Consider this site and its content fluid. Im going to use this site to push myself like a cold hearted bastard to get the things I want. godamnit.

Look here for more and more



About a year ago I turned thirty and was dropped from the program on the same day. There were certain aspects that I hated. The pace didn't allow for thoughtful questions or pondering. A lot of information, explanations and prcesses had to be taken on faith withot much consideration for fundamentals. But like I said, It was still the happiest I'd been in a very long time. 


